
I’d pick Senate. I did two internships in the House over Summer 2020 and all adcoms who asked about it this cycle have loved my experience. However I actually did substantial policy work while I was there (and had a LOR to back it up), most other interns I knew who went either don’t take the initiative to do so or don’t have a large enough opportunity to do so though. You seem like the type who would take the initiative but sometimes carving out the time during a Congressional internship to do substantive work is not possible if your internship consists of too much busy work.

Also that’s not even to mention how much I loved that special experience and living in DC. I’m in my gap year doing full time research and honestly there’s always another time for research, esp in med school. Both are great options. Good luck!!

Do you have tips for finding senate/house work and also advocating for yourself to get lots of policy work? Like what types of work should we ask for?

Yeah, assuming you meant once you already have your foot in the door, there are a few stages 1) information ingestion 2) finding a good work fit 3) doing the work 4) advocating for the work you have done.
1) Start ingesting a ton of bills/laws/US Code (top grade), policy briefs/papers (second tier), news/economics/politics articles (third tier), or any of the above in video form (probably the lowest grade of information). 
Information ingestion is key to speaking confidently about issues and developing legal analysis skills and can be done on the job, on the way to and from work, before, etc. Before heading there I mostly read news, when I got there I read and annotated an entire bill (like 100+ pages), then after that I read a ton of the US Code that I was interested in (for me it was the tax code) and very few policy briefs. During my commute I'd mostly listen to CNBC economics on YouTube. I felt that this mix of top grade and low grade information was not too much, interesting, and sustainable. 
2) Finding a good work fit depends heavily on the culture of the office you are in. If you have good people/mentors then they'll likely talk to you, you can explain what work interests you the most and what you have some connection/background in, and they might incorporate you in, etc. One of my offices was like this. Generally very few people had a science background there so I gravitated towards explaining science and doing a lot of data analysis/legal research (that everyone helped with). Getting a good office like that is definitely luck as an intern imo. 
For my second office, it was the opposite. Super cold env. No one talked, one nice guy gave me one data analysis project and liked my work but then didn't really have anything else. Some of the other younger people started giving me their work (legislative correspondence), which was interesting at first, but then boring. I asked at the beginning for more interesting work, but the office wasn't great. After that I did not wait at all for people to give me things to do or even ask for more work. I just did whatever interested me most at the time which was "if I had the ability to enact any bill rn, what would it be?" 
3) Do the work. Don't be afraid. Just try things out. Also finish whatever boring work that they make you do fast or automate it in someway (esp if it is an Excel project) so you have more time. And then I wrote those bills. One of them derived from a bill that that Congressman wrote and they really liked it so thats what ended up in my letter. Also I wrote two more on climate change related stuff that I was interested in. 
4) start by asking for feedback on your work with the lowest person by rank in the office (usually staff assistant), fix your work, then send it to the next person up. If you start early and your work is high enough quality, eventually you or it will reach Chief of Staff and maybe Congressperson. at that point you are set. 
